README_EN.md, before:

# mpv-handler

#### Usage

> Supports parameters like `mpv://play/<url_base64>`.
>
> You may need to use the Greasemonkey script [EmbytoLocalPlayer](https://github.com/bpking1/embyExternalUrl) together to enjoy it

`mpv-handler` needs to be used with the `mpv` player. If the `mpv` program is not added to the system `PATH`, you can also use the `config.toml` file to customize the path, and put it under same folder where `mpv-handler` is. The format of `config.toml` is as follows:
```toml
# Required
mpv = "/usr/local/bin/mpv"
# There are two ways to write in Windows
# mpv = "c:\\programs\\mpv.exe" or mpv = "c:/programs/mpv.exe"

# Optional, set to use a proxy to report progress, supports http\socks proxy, leave it blank if not used
proxy = ""
```

In addition, in order to successfully call `mpv-handler`, it needs to be written to the registry. Create a new text file, save it after writing the following content:
```
Windows Registry Editor Version 5.00
[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\mpv]
"URL Protocol"=""
@="mpv"
[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\mpv\shell]
[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\mpv\shell\open]
[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\mpv\shell\open\command]
@="\"D:\\Programs\\mpv-handler.exe\" \"%1\""
```
**In which, the path on the last line should be rewritten to the path where `mpv-handler.exe` is actually stored. Note the format: `\` and `"` should be preceded by `\`.**

Change the file extension to `.reg`, double-click to install the registry, so that you can use the above `mpv://play/<url_base64>` link format in the browser to call mpv.

#### Description

||URL_SAFE_NO_PAD|URL_SAFE|
|---|---|---|
|`mpv://play/<url_base64>/?subfile=<url_base64>`|✅|❌|
|`mpv://play/<url_base64>`|✅|✅|

#### Acknowledgements

Inspired by [mpv-handler@akiirui](https://github.com/akiirui/mpv-handler).

### License

MIT

Commit message:

feat: add registry config tool

README_EN.md, after:

# mpv-handler

#### Usage

> Supports parameters like `mpv://play/<url_base64>`.
>
> You may need to use the Greasemonkey script [EmbytoLocalPlayer](https://github.com/bpking1/embyExternalUrl) together to enjoy it

`mpv-handler` needs to be used with the `mpv` player. If the `mpv` program is not added to the system `PATH`, you can also use the `config.toml` file to customize the path, and put it under same folder where `mpv-handler` is. The format of `config.toml` is as follows:
```toml
# Required
mpv = "/usr/local/bin/mpv"
# There are two ways to write in Windows
# mpv = "c:\\programs\\mpv.exe" or mpv = "c:/programs/mpv.exe"

# Optional, set to use a proxy to report progress, supports http\socks proxy, leave it blank if not used
proxy = ""
```

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Now we have a `cfg_tool.exe` to manage registry!

### `cfg_tool` Usage

Since inserting or deleting registry requires administrator privileges, you must run it as administrator. Either right-click and "Run as administrator" or type `sudo .\cfg_tool.exe [/r|/i]` in command line, provided that you have sudo utility installed.

If you run it by clicking, just follow the prompts. If you run it in a terminal, it supports two options: `/r` to uninstall the registry, and `/i` to install the registry.

> [!CAUTION]  
> The following solutions are outdated.

In addition, in order to successfully call `mpv-handler`, it needs to be written to the registry. Create a new text file, save it after writing the following content:
```
Windows Registry Editor Version 5.00
[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\mpv]
"URL Protocol"=""
@="mpv"
[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\mpv\shell]
[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\mpv\shell\open]
[HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\mpv\shell\open\command]
@="\"D:\\Programs\\mpv-handler.exe\" \"%1\""
```
**In which, the path on the last line should be rewritten to the path where `mpv-handler.exe` is actually stored. Note the format: `\` and `"` should be preceded by `\`.**

Change the file extension to `.reg`, double-click to install the registry, so that you can use the above `mpv://play/<url_base64>` link format in the browser to call mpv.

#### Description

||URL_SAFE_NO_PAD|URL_SAFE|
|---|---|---|
|`mpv://play/<url_base64>/?subfile=<url_base64>`|✅|❌|
|`mpv://play/<url_base64>`|✅|✅|

#### Acknowledgements

Inspired by [mpv-handler@akiirui](https://github.com/akiirui/mpv-handler).

### License

MIT
